being held in Gaza the Israeli captives
being held in Gaza are speaking to the
media let's listen in security it's and
hope for the citizens to go back safe to
the houses in the North and the South
hope for a better future after all the
harms and disasters we need not to lose
this chance we need not to lose it and
I'm saying to the citizens before this
campaign to abort this deal we would
like to say President Biden is a real
friend to Israel he is the best friend
to Israel
and he
has been supportive to Israel after the
uh 7th of October attack and he is
always supportive
[Music]
we what what has been said by Biden
yesterday is that the Israeli
Society uh we also say the same
thing we need your voices to be heard
everywhere that we are supportive to
this deal Israel supports this deal the
world must understand that Israel
supports this deal deal offered by
President bidon all the captives must
return back home immediately we canot
lose this
chance okay if you're just joining us uh
uh we've been listening there to the uh
C uh families of some of the captives
being held in Gaza who've been
addressing uh the media